Let's get started adding ngi are X and I don't want to start in the recipe component because reloading
this one lays early as you can tell by the routing module and that's something I want to handle later.
I want to start with the shopping list which will load eagerly right at the start there we also use
a shopping list service and a subject.
So we're already using a good pattern as I already mentioned but not all want to replace it.
And I instead want to use energy are x.
First of all we need to quit the N-G serve Prozess because I need to install a new package.
So we'll use NPM for this and run NPM install dasht saved tools to store the entry in the package.
Jason fall as a production dependency and the name of the package Denness at ngi our ex slash store
this imports the main package of DNG or X eco system.
However we will learn more about our packages later in this module.
So this installs NCR ICs store.
With that we can already restart Engy.
And this will give us access to well again the main functionality.
How do we get started now.
Then we need so-called reducers to edit the state remember and we need this store.
Now the store is provided once we get some reducers So let's start with those are editors shopping lists
related reducers in the shopping list folder.
So they're all add a new file and I'll name it.
Shopping List Desch reducers dot TS.
The name is up to you but I found it a good convention to state who the normal uncomment angular for
naming convention of describing what's inside the file now into endless shopping list reduce Rafal I
want to export a function and make sure to use to function keyword here and not an as 6 arrow function.
That won't work.
Unfortunately you can then assign any name you want your own name a shopping list reducer to fit the
filename and dysfunctional actually received two arguments.
Now the arguments will be passed into the function automatically by N G R X and I will show you how
to dispatch an action to trigger that would use for this module.
No worries.
That's the important take away though.
A reducer function will be triggered whenever an action is dispatched.
So therefore we get two things.
We get to state dessous the current state of the application and keep in mind this is passed in automatically
by Engy are X and we get an action.
The action actually is of type action which you can import from at your X store.
So this is the action we dispatched.
And again I will show you how to dispatch action soon.
Now the status of the current state of the application the first time this runs though there will be
no current state.
Which is why we can define some initial state or name it initial state here and for my ingredients this
will actually be an object where if we have a look at the shopping service I want to take this array
of ingredients here.
This shall be my initial state for the ingredients property.
So back.
Shopping list for Duzer.
Here I'll add the ingredients property and since we're an object we assign a value why a colon here
does this the initial value.
Now let's import ingredient model by pointing to that file.
And with that we have an initial state which is an object with increased property which is an array
of ingredients.
Just like in the service.
The state therefore gets a default value of initial state.
Which means if the state is not present we will use debt which is important for the first time we dispatch
an action.
We reached this reducer without having a current state.
Now inside that reducer there is one task we have to do we have to return an updated version of our
state or actually not even update one.
We have to return the state of our application the new state because remember what I said when we walked
through that slide I told you that reducers at our state not by editing it but by simply setting a new
one.
Now the simplest way of doing this is to simply return state and behind the scenes and your ex will
replace the old state with the new one.
Even though in this case they would be equal.
Now typically you want to do more than just returned the unchanged state of course.
And for that you typically use a switch statement to determine which kind of action was dispatched because
we get the action as a second argument.
But of course it could be multiple actions which get dispatched.
So let's switch the action type type as a property provided on that action object.
Remember we import action from each entry or exit store.
So we switched the action type and now we wanted to check different cases.
Now what is the value of the type though.
We can actually set this when we dispatch an action you typically use simply a string describing the
action and to make sure that you don't mistype anywhere in your app you typically also store does and
their constant constant all export because I'll later all want to use it from Abre falls.
Here we can simply have a look at our service to find out which actions we have getting as something
special because we don't change to state here.
So let's go with ad now with ADD ingredient all named as constant.
Add ingredient and simply assigned is a string value which all the name add ingredient de-value here
is solely up to you just as the name you typically use uppercase characters here as the name though
and you typically use the same name here or the same value because it is up to you what's used there
but it should be descriptive to make it easier for average people to follow along.
So now I can check if the case is at increase and in which case I want to edit my state by adding an
ingredient.
Well I can simply do that by returning a new object because that should be immutable.
Taking all the old state parameters.
This is the spread operator is simply expanding the old state object so that all properties of that
object are added to this new object and returning here and now want to override one single of these
properties.
The interrelations property this shall now be an array where we also have this new ingredient being
being added to it.
While this is something we can easily do by again using the spread operator to also edit this ingredients
array which would also be a reference type in an immutable way.
So ingredients are of course state DOT intermediates.
So now this will distribute all the elements in this array over this newly created array.
Now we simply add a new element this new element here.
Shippy the element we receive as part of the action.
Now this can be retrieved by accessing action in what we want to retrieve some payload from that action
here because we expect that when we add a new ingredient we dispatch an action with some extra information
namely D-New ingredient to be added.
Not by default actions in NZ are x our payload.
So they don't have one.
They only have to type property as you can tell here.
Auto completion.
Now to get this extra information we have to define our own clearly type actions.
So let's do this in the next lecture.